Tf gpu note (#342)
CHTC/chtc-website-source: uw-research-computing/machine-learning-htc.md

The Python package manager conda is a popular tool for installing and 
managing machine learning tools.
See [this guide](conda-installation) for information on how 
to use conda to provide dependencies for CHTC jobs. 

> Note that when installing tensorflow using `conda`, it is important to install 
> not the generic `tensorflow` package, but `tensorflow-gpu`. This ensures that 
> the installation will include tensorflow's GPU capability. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note that when installing TensorFlow using `conda`, it is important to install 
not the generic `tensorflow` package, but `tensorflow-gpu`. This ensures that 
the installation will include the `cudatoolkit` and `cudnn` dependencies
required for TensorFlow 's GPU capability. 
```

For our records (not this page), the [conda-forge channel](https://anaconda.org/conda-forge/tensorflow-gpu) and [default channel](https://anaconda.org/anaconda/tensorflow-gpu) both have `tensorflow-gpu`.  conda-forge will have newer versions available sooner.
